# Blank Intel XDK and Apache Cordova Project

See [LICENSE.md][] for license terms and conditions.

Use this project as a starting point for an Intel XDK or Apache Cordova
hybrid mobile app. One key file (`init-dev.js`) contains the
initialization code needed to handle XDK device ready, Cordova device
ready or browser document ready init events in a way that allows you to
run your app in any of these environments. This init code works:

-   with the the Intel XDK Emulate tab

-   in the XDK App Preview application (Test tab)

-   in the App Preview Crosswalk container (Debug tab)

-   with the weinre debug script (Test tab)

-   in an app built using the Intel XDK legacy container (aka AppMobi
    container)

-   in an app built using the standard Apache Cordova container (aka
    Cordova CLI)

When `init-dev.js` completes execution it issues a custom "`app.Ready`"
event. Use this event to start your application, rather than waiting on
"device ready" or "document ready" or "window load" or similar events.
You should not have to modify anything in `init-dev.js` to use this
code. Also, `init-dev.js` has been written so that it is not dependent
on any external libraries or specific webviews. It has been tested with
the following webviews and browsers:

-   Android 2.3, 4.0-4.3 and 4.4

-   iOS 6 and 7

-   Windows 8 Phone

-   Windows 8

-   Crosswalk

-   Chrome Desktop Browser

-   Internet Explorer 10 and 11

This blank project works well for converting an existing web app into a
hybrid app. One of the biggest issues encountered when porting a web app
to a hybrid app is resolving the init sequence of the web app with the
init sequence required of a hybrid HTML5 app. This gets especially
difficult when large third-party libraries are part of the app. Due to
the additional burden of initializing the underlying native code layer,
developers sometimes have trouble getting their code that runs in a
desktop browser to initialize in an HTML5 hybrid webview. Frequently
this is due to the significant difference in resources between the
desktop browser and the mobile webview (e.g., less memory, lower
performance and a reduced feature set).

You can combine `init-app.js` and `app.js` into a single file (e.g.,
just `app.js`) and things will work just fine, as long as you start
things up using the custom "`app.Ready`" event described above. Also,
there is nothing particularly important about the `app.css` file, it
contains a few global CSS definitions that are commonly applied to older
Android devices, but certainly is not the "end all" for configuring the
CSS in your hybrid HTML5 webview application.

There are many comments in the files in this project. Please read those
comments for details and further documentation. In particular, see the
comments in the `index.html` file for recommendations on how to load
your third-party libraries relative to your application code and the
special hybrid libraries (`intelxdk.js`, `cordova.js` and `xhr.js`).

There are a large number of `console.log()` messages contained within
`init-dev.js`. They can be used to debug initialization problems and
understand how the file works. It is highly recommended that you leave
those `console.log()` messages in your app, they will not unduly slow
down or burden your application.

BTW: the "`dev`‚Äù prefix refers to "device" in this context, not
"develop," because it grew out of a desire to build a more reliable and
flexible "device ready" detector.

  [LICENSE.md]: LICENSE.md
